Intuitively, one reads out the orthospectrum as being the set of points where the CDF is not smooth&mdash;there is also the issue of multiplicity. For example, the bottom of the orthospectrum of $X\setminus\Gamma$ is the last point where CDF=0. When we have found an element in the orthospectrum we predict the contribution to the CDF from arcs of that length (multiplicity 1), substract it from CDF to get a new CDF. We then repeat the process with the new CDF.

Below you see how this is numerically implemented. When you press _Estimate Next Element_, the CDF is shown in white, the predicted contribution in blue, and the difference in red. When you do it again, this is applied to the red distribution which is now white. You can click on the estimated values to see the previous steps. After computing a few elements in the orthospectrum you can also compare the initical CDF with the sum of the estimated ones.

Numerically this is actually kind of involved because the "derivative" of the CDF at the last point when it vanishes is $\infty$. It follows that a small error in the estimate of that point results in a very irregular behavior for the difference between the CDF and the predicted contribution. This is not an issue for the estimation of the initial element of the orthospectrum but, since we do not have the actual CDF but only a numerical approximation, it becomes a problem directly afterwards. This is why this process needs a lot of data&mdash;we work with geodesics of default length 5.000.000. Also, once you have gathered the data, if you keep asking to _Estimate Next Element_ then you browser might crash, probably because of memory overload&mdash;just relod the page and soldier on, although your data will have been lost.

As a sanity check, while the melody was computed we recorded the lengths of those segments which are almost orthogonal to $\Gamma$. This lengths are shown in blue in the strip below the graphs. The lengths of elements in the orthospectrum (estimated as we just described) appear, as they are being calculated, in red.
